I want you to spend today's trade secrets we have a
excellent idea if you like it
preserve nature and have something I go in your home for this time Christmas
what better way
A Christmas tree
natural like the one I have behind my back
as to know about this place
and now I'm going to talk with don mario gonzález and he is the innovator who
is bringing these popular people pines
so you can strain this Christmas season
and above all, protecting nature
It's good that he accompanies us with seas and comments like the series a
pine experts for this time
we about 15 years ago
we started to grow trees
natural for life because
let's say there is always the phenomenon of the importation of Atlantic tuna
I am from the north and I lost my parents, we always used to
to export
Christmas tree
I know destiny
and bring it this a variety of cypress relevance and in the north of the country
that if you do not work it
correctly what hours
to conform it as something very nice
then with that idea of ​​the habit of having a natural tree always and not
plastic trees
Per hundred we kept wanting that belief and those practices
if the town happens to be this for 15 years in projects that started with very
bit
15 years ago of five years nothing more
and then
this industry being and now we go back a little bit more than just
by the way is involved my children is not very involved all with the
idea of ​​participating
and I feel very sad of everything is that people realize
that on the one hand a natural tree per hundred will quickly become
fertilizer
in the case of plastic that this one
we play bat with him appointment 300 years to be able to do
reintegrate the soil because plastic because oil 10 11 of that what does
is to pollute so
extreme
and the other thing that we do to export because we cut a seven section darfur
because we have tree plantations
specifically for life
cerdá and we have done
a certification process with the institutions of torrejón del mar in the
island by
for this
he is in a correct way
and the other thing we do to reforest trees on the farm we have the feint
and jinotega we are to pp that eta
there's a default we were the trees I went to opposites a practice
positive of wet
a good result
and we want to encourage them we will see later what as a family that
are
from managua hondo doherty the pacific who go to the farm day in positive
after cutting the tree they bring it from it
We want to encourage this practice next year to create conditions for
the people outside
and for the day to provide its trees and spend a day in the country
the pirouette of nature that's why we think it's important stressed
and we also consider that this has several vessels of a green tree
more than 30 days he has a system
if we do it with a wooden base
we put a beating in which you put a liter of water
every 24 hours hotel absorbs water all the time and that allows you
has to emit a very nice special aroma that the trees have
sifré
that yes the atmosphere of the home they become more pleasant the life with that aroma of
flowers
how do they keep the shape already on a Christmas tree from whom
cultivate are giving it that way
Looking at the little Mercedes urban for weeks now, the situation
started a pruning process
all throughout tv life in the world according to
product of a process of fires by the protocol pole
to be cut they need
three years the prisoners of eta ava-asaja marinist sexenio that averaged the
tree the decree of plastic trees
at $ 130
this tree a six-foot tree moved the arch of sergio cuts of
plastic trees aeafa from 400 to 500 dollars depending on size
but what we do well
we set 29 dollars as a price that is equivalent to three years to buy
followed by the value of a plastic voice the difference is from a tree
natural
that it may be renewed beautifully fit because a new tree
and it will do it in the case of males the results also to be able to get
the favor of life
we are already exactly at kilometer 8 of the road plus leave the field
in front of the apec jumped into the arena of today the process is open
from 8 in the morning until 6 in the afternoon with authority to the future
commented and we're going to stop until about December 21
in this place telephone number a strong person beyond can be
armed then they can call the triple eight 50 1 3
or to 22 7 6 23 7 3
or at 8 6 5 3 31 66
the whole family
the engine off phone operators
jorge zepeda secretary
you know how you can get a place because if you think you can improve
this Christmas to your home
and see it really nice and keep the tradition
what is it to work as a family
cultivate this tree go and try it
above all keep cases decorating the escalation of acts next week
in another curiosity of our country